# Mission: Using the UCS Director REST API to Execute Workflows and View their Status

Take what you've learned about UCS Director from the Learning Labs and put that knowledge to use to Execute a Workflow and Monitor its status via the REST API.

## Objectives

Completion time: 25 minutes

  - Import Workflow
  - Execute Workflow
    - Find the API call in the REST API Browser
    - Call the API and Execute the Workflow
  - Check the status of the Workflow
    - Find the API call in the REST API Browser
    - Call the API and view the status of the Workflow
  - Send a Spark Message to the Event Room on Mission Completion

## Prerequisites

Knowing a bit about UCS Director and REST APIs helps. Since you've most likely completed the Full Infrastructure Automation with UCS Director Learning Labs, you are all set and ready to go.

# *** Before You Begin ***

The **admin** user password for UCS Director may have expired. In order to complete this lab and other UCS Director labs in this module the **admin** user password will need to be **reset**. The reset of the admin user password is done by logging into UCS Director CLI interface as the root user and running the password reset script.

The password will be immediately reset to **admin**. If the admin user is denied access using the password **admin** then a restart of the UCS Director Services is required. Please follow the steps below to **reset** the admin user password, **test** the admin user password and **restart** the UCS Director Services **if needed**.

Complete directions to reset the admin user password are covered in the lab [Introduction to UCS Director](https://learninglabs.cisco.com/tracks/devnet-express-dci/dne-dci-full-infrastructure-automation-ucsd/dne-dcip-ucsd-infrastructure-automation-introduction-to-ucsd-v01/step/1) under the **Before You Begin** section on "Page 1"

# Exercise 1
Launch UCS Director and Import a Workflow.

The workflow that you are importing has the single purpose of taking any MAC Address in the form **00:25:B5:00:00:00**, for example, and converting it to **00-25-B5-00-00-00**.

The import has two components: a workflow and a custom task.

1. Launch UCS Director

    - Import Workflow
      ```code
      C:\Users\demouser\CiscoDevNet\code\LM-5701 ucsd api\dne-dcip-ucsd-infrastructure-automation-api-mission.wfdx
      ```  
      - Accept all defaults.
      - Verify that the workflow `Mac_Converter_v1_0` was added to **Workflows** in the **Justice Team** folder.
      - Verify that the Custom Task `Mac_Converter_v1` was added to **Custom Workflow Tasks**.

Go to the next page for the solution...
